loading ScanNet scans in habitat-sim (#1434)
facebookresearch/habitat-sim: DATASETS.md

## ReplicaCAD

Details and download instructions: [https://aihabitat.org/datasets/replica_cad/](https://aihabitat.org/datasets/replica_cad/).

## ScanNet

> The official ScanNet data can be downloaded here: [http://www.scan-net.org/](http://www.scan-net.org/). To use ScanNet scans with habitat-sim, the `scene_*.ply` files need to be converted to `*.glb` format using [assimp](https://github.com/assimp/assimp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The official ScanNet data can be downloaded here: [http://www.scan-net.org/](http://www.scan-net.org/). To use ScanNet scans with habitat-sim, the `scene_*.ply` files need to be converted to glTF format (`*.glb`). For example, using [assimp](https://github.com/assimp/assimp):
```

```
assimp export <PLY FILE> <GLB PATH> 
```

The exported `*.glb` files can directly be used with habitat-sim versions >= 2.0.

> Note: Depending on the radius and height of the robot, certain scans may have no navigable locations on the navmesh (~200). These scenes can be filtered out by checking if `sim.pathfinder.is_loaded` is False.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Depending on the configured radius and height of the agent, certain scans may have no navigable locations on the navmesh (~200). These scenes can be filtered out by checking if `sim.pathfinder.is_loaded` is False.
```
